Change behaviour of ShellOperation stream_output (#68)
PrefectHQ/prefect-shell: CHANGELOG.md

### Security

## 0.1.5

Released on February 17, 2023.

### Changed

> - Change the behaviour of the `ShellOperation` `stream_output` parameter. Setting it to `False` will now only turn of the logging and not send `stdout` and `stderr` to `DEVNULL`. The previous behaviour can be achieved by manually setting `stdout`/`stderr` to `DEVNULL` through the `open_kwargs` arguments. - [#67](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-shell/issues/67)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the behavior of the `ShellOperation` `stream_output` parameter. Setting it to `False` will now only turn off the logging and not send `stdout` and `stderr` to `DEVNULL`. The previous behavior can be achieved by manually setting `stdout`/`stderr` to `DEVNULL` through the `open_kwargs` arguments. - [#67](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-shell/issues/67)
```
